when it comes to Gaza the contradictions
of what the United States says at the
United Nations versus what it does in
Washington was laid bare during an
emergency security council meeting in
response to Israel's attack on Saturday
at a school where Palestinian civilians
were Sheltering killing nearly 100 of
them we mourn every civilian lost in
this horrific incident and in this
conflict at the very moment the meeting
was taking place
news came that Washington signed off on
a new2 billion military sales deal with
Israel the atmosphere in the council
chamber was tense after the Israeli
Ambassador claimed his country is the
most moral country in the world you
listen Palestinian representative and
then personally attacked both the
Palestinian and Algerian Representatives
Algeria took the floor
again I wanted testify here that the
16,000 children who have been killed
since the 7th of October didn't kill
themselves Israel's Ambassador then
walked out as he was speaking resolution
2735 adopted by the council in June and
ordering a ceasefire has been ignored as
Israel continues its attacks on Gaza by
the un's count bombing 21 shelters since
early
July this Council has responsibility to
end the impunity with which Israel has
been carrying out its atrocities against
the Palestinian people it flies in the
face of everything that the United
Nations is built on peace and security
human rights and sustainable development
we cannot allow this to continue show
some
bravery take
actions stop the
criminals in getting away with
murder it's frustrations are beginning
to boil over after more than 20
emergency Security Council meetings on
Gaza in the past 10 months have failed
to end the genocide frustration that the
captives have not been released that
Israel continues to act with impunity
and that the US continues to provide
arms to the very country doing most of
the killing Gabriel zando Al jaera at
the United Nations in New York
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al jazer